3/18:
IMPORTANT UPDATE: Shifting from array structure to object oriented structure where each exercise is an object.
reason: previous structure was sorting exercise types into arrays. This led to redundancy and difficulty in making arrays where certain situations applied. Damaged modularity and data normalization.
Solution: making exercises into objects allows to make a property containing ".info" lists, which are string tags with keywords. This allows for the filtering of exercises containing or lacking a certain tag.
[!] greater emphasis will be put on re-working functions to manipulate objects in this manner
- reviewed all current exercises (around 350) and arranged them into proper primary muscle groups. This will make tagging easier for the object translation

3/11:
 Researched a set of core exercises and basic stretch routine to hit all muscle groups. Data added to stretches_doc.py. The program is big enough that it should be divided into subsequent parts.
 Begin logic for continuous exercise, opo. action X interval format that the basic app already has.
 Later goal will be to modulate patterns like active exercises and rest intervals, using sliders, but the simpler logic takes precedent.
 Also, found good resources for bot-voices, though I'm not sure if it's a good idea to announce the source, since I'm not professionally affiliated with the company. Still, it's not for-profit, so it shouldn't cause a fuss.

3/8:
 Data prepped for audio clips. Subset of share-able ones will be added to this repo.
 Data organization for folder structure is important when dealing with a lot of material, which is meant to be personalized/augmented. Modularity is the intention of this project.

3/7:
 update logic for counting rounds and shifting interval activities while keeping main motion consistent. 
UI consistency for top-widgets like exercise label, timer, and round counter.
!! Currently using an input statement for granular control to step through behavior one second at a time in update_timer()

3/6 : current scope
  Make a timer assuming the workout type is arms and there's only one interval set for abs.
  complete: sliders actively show workout duration for calculated core factors of motions, rounds per motion, work time, and interval time
  complete: Can generate random unique items from target muscle group list
            - chosen motions display correctly in left column
            - the number of chosen items correctly uses the slider value for number of exercises
    NEXT:
    Make display for interval activities in right column
      - needs to be overwritten when moving to next main motion
    Make countdown work for activity poriton
    Countdown needs to work for interval portion

    FIX - left-display needs to delete area when generating new set
    
---------------------------------------------------------
    NYI: 
    *sound test for audio triggers
      *sound test button for random drops
      ****implement start, halfway, 10s warning, and end audio triggers.
    output 
      --- on-demand print button
    workout type selection
    mid-session longer break (toggle checkbox?)
